Parse-Readelf version 0.17
==========================

Parse::Readelf is a module to parse the output of readelf from the GNU
binutils suite.  At the moment only small parts of the debugging
section are supported to get information about the structure layout of
the variables of a binary object.  Also only Dwarf-2 debugging
information is understood.

INSTALLATION

To build, test and install this module, run the following commands:

    perl Build.PL
    perl Build
    perl Build test
    perl Build install

If you prefer the traditional way of installation, use the following:

    perl Makefile.PL
    make
    make test
    make install

DEPENDENCIES

As this module parses the output of readelf of course you need that.
objdump would work as well but as it's part of the same suite there is
no real reason to use it instead of readelf (at least for Dwarf-2, for
Stabs or other debugging formats there might be a difference).

The test-suite needs the Unix command "cat" to simulate a test run
with prepared output.

In addition you'll need gcc (g++) if you like to test the examples in
the "Examples" directory.

Other than that the example script "run_examples.pl" needs a shell
supporting I/O redirection.  If you don't have one, you probabely have
to try the examples by hand.

This module requires these other standard modules and libraries:

    Carp
    File::Spec
    Test::More

BUGS

This is quite incomplete yet.  I only worked on that what I needed
most which was the memory layout of variables and data types.

Also note that though the self-tests almost completely cover the code,
they use prerecorded input which may differ from your installation.
If that's the case (and the results are not what you expected), please
send me an example output of "readelf --debug-dump=line,info --wide"
(e.g. from Examples/StructureLayoutTest.cpp, see head of that source
for further details).

Feedback, additional debugger outputs or patches are very much
appreciated.

COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE

Copyright (C) 2007-2009 by Thomas Dorner (dorner (AT) cpan (DOT) org)

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself, either Perl version 5.6.1 or,
at your option, any later version of Perl 5 you may have available.
